feat: `get_cwd` and `set_cwd` (#1014)
fortran-lang/stdlib: doc/specs/stdlib_system.md

`mode`: Shall be a scalar integer indicating the permission bits required (Not applicable to Windows). It is an `optional, intent(in)` argument.

`err`: Shall be of type `state_type`, for error handling. It is an `optional, intent(out)` argument.

### Return values

The `err` is set accordingly.

### Example

```fortran
{!example/system/example_make_directory.f90!}
```

---

## `remove_directory` - Removes an empty directory

### Status

Experimental

### Description

It deletes an empty directory.
It is designed to work across multiple platforms. On Windows, paths with both forward `/` and backward `\` slashes are accepted.

### Syntax

`call [[stdlib_system(module):remove_directory(subroutine)]] (path, err)`

### Class

Subroutine

### Arguments

`path`: Shall be a character string containing the path of the directory to create. It is an `intent(in)` argument.

`err`: Shall be of type `state_type`, for error handling. It is an `intent(out)` argument.

### Return values

The `err` is set accordingly.

### Example

```fortran
{!example/system/example_remove_directory.f90!}
```

---

## `get_cwd` - Gets the current working directory

### Status

Experimental

### Description

> It gets the current working directory associated with the process calling this subroutine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This subroutine retrieves the current working directory the running process is executing from.
```

It is designed to work across multiple platforms. On Windows, paths with both forward `/` and backward `\` slashes are accepted.

### Syntax

> `call [[stdlib_system(module):get_cwd(subroutine)]] (cwd, err)`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`call [[stdlib_system(module):get_cwd(subroutine)]] (cwd [, err])`
```

Author: https://github.com/fortran-lang/stdlib/pull/1014/commits/20050654bdd5045359f75eb4c14465f6c29cd297

### Class

Subroutine

### Arguments

`cwd`: Shall be a character string containing the path of the current working directory (cwd). It is an `intent(out)` argument.

> `err`: Shall be of type `state_type`, for error handling. It is an `intent(out)` argument.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`err` (optional): Shall be of type `state_type`, for error handling. It is an `intent(out)` argument.
```

Author: https://github.com/fortran-lang/stdlib/pull/1014/commits/20050654bdd5045359f75eb4c14465f6c29cd297

### Return values

> The `err` is set accordingly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`err` is an optional state return flag. On error if not requested, a `FS_ERROR` will trigger an error stop.
```

---

## `get_cwd` - Gets the current working directory

### Status

Experimental

### Description

It gets the current working directory associated with the process calling this subroutine.
It is designed to work across multiple platforms. On Windows, paths with both forward `/` and backward `\` slashes are accepted.

### Syntax

`call [[stdlib_system(module):get_cwd(subroutine)]] (cwd, err)`

### Class

Subroutine

### Arguments

`cwd`: Shall be a character string containing the path of the current working directory (cwd). It is an `intent(out)` argument.

`err`: Shall be of type `state_type`, for error handling. It is an `intent(out)` argument.

### Return values

The `err` is set accordingly.

### Example

```fortran
{!example/system/example_cwd.f90!}
```

---

## `set_cwd` - Sets the current working directory

### Status

Experimental

### Description

It sets the current working directory associated with the process calling this subroutine.
It is designed to work across multiple platforms. On Windows, paths with both forward `/` and backward `\` slashes are accepted.

### Syntax

> `call [[stdlib_system(module):set_cwd(subroutine)]] (path, err)`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`call [[stdlib_system(module):set_cwd(subroutine)]] (path [, err])`
```

Author: https://github.com/fortran-lang/stdlib/pull/1014/commits/20050654bdd5045359f75eb4c14465f6c29cd297
